after stopping hoboken spar his first
play from scrimmage Doug D'Angelo to a
wide-open Julian Fowler nola 48-yard
touchdown pass 7 nothing sparred out but
the DA didn't have done hobo can meet
the players from the scil look at his
defense right here web gear what the hit
Hudson County football come on hoboken
looking to punt right here from their
own end zone that's a safety it's now
nine nothing Sparta then Mike rattle off
on the key members that's part of
backfield 14 yards on this play two
plays later Julian if our no la 10-yard
touchdown run 16 nothing Sparta after
one quarter now Hoboken has to punt
again it goes over the punters head
another safety 18 and nothing Sparta the
spotter running attack no contest in
this game Mike rattle off up the gut 14
yards that's a touchdown twenty five to
nothing Sparta over Hoboken second
quarter we go Hoboken can't do anything
again Julian found oil with a big hit oh
they're forced to punt again and Sparta
is John dominski gets into the act
bursting through the hoboken 16 that
leads to a toss to tell rocio that's a
touchdown 32 nothing sparred over
Hoboken alright folks bar then kicks off
the whole book and they get their one
moment in this game the kickoff return
87 yards and Hoboken now trails far at
the half of that return 32 28
third quarter we go sport on the move
again sack passarelli refusing to go
down rumbles the Hoboken 33 two plays
later Zach passarelli it's the end zone
it's now 39 28 Sparta manhandling the
red wings of oboe Hoboken looking for
some offense right here Phil Greiner
steps in and picks off the pass at the
Hoboken 32 John dominski refusing to go
down Keri people on his back I can't
take this get down the Hoboken 10 to
blazer dominski untouched 3-yard
touchdown run Sparta beats Hoboken at
hoboken a rather impressive win for the
Spartans the final score 46 to 16 we
have great respect for hoboken staff and
program and today we played very well
and we're able to execute and it leads
to a great win you never know what to
expect you just work as hard as you can
and hopefully you know you come out like
this and finish with a scoreboard like
that we came out looking strong you know
we really thought they were good team
they were a good team like they're
they're great program they're always had
a great program but you know we just
came out here and we did our thing well
folks she's kind of got the feeling
early on this was going to be a blowout
first play from scrimmage Doug D'Angelo
to Julian fair enola 48-yard touchdown
pass we had been working on something to
open up with that would be a play-action
and hopefully get somebody down fill and
open and join made it made a great ran a
great pattern selling run and broke open
and W through a great ball out there and
that will kind of set the tone we knew
we had a tough opening with Hoboken and
we just wanted to come down and grab
some momentum right away so we went to a
big play and fortunately we hit it we
just wanted to catch him off guard
basically what we had to do line black
real good pass protection was great just
worked out spara certainly looks to have
a great defense this year in this game
they proved they're on their way now the
defense was was outstanding you know we
play aggressive defense frame Mario had
those guys ready we
game plan and you know open your open we
have a lot of tying a game plan we've
been game playing like crazy and defense
i think was very fast and physical today
today we just came out had everyone in
the gaps play great and we're flying
around so ladies and gentlemen and
spartan the surrounding area get ready
for sunday afternoon at pope john high
school with a 10 pope john lyons take on
the water no Sparta Spartans it's going
to be a great battle folks we had a
great game last year and we're going to
work harder than ever this week and you
know look to come out with a win next
week it's going to be a great game
everyone's going to be there we got a
longer week so we prepare more but we
should come out and get right to him